docs: Add docs on linting (#16064)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: docs/contributing/pullrequest-submission-and-lifecycle.md

### Go Coding Style

All Go code is automatically checked for compliance with various linters, such as `gofmt`. These tools can be installed using the `GNUMakefile` in this repository.

```console
% cd terraform-provider-aws
% make tools
```

Check your code with the linters:

```console
% make lint
```

`gofmt` will also fix many simple formatting issues for you:

```console
% gofmt -w -s ./aws

> ```

Reviewer: We have a Makefile target to simplify this: `make fmt`

The import statement in a Go file follows these rules (see [#15903](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/15903)):

> 1. Import declarations are grouped into a maximum of three groups:
>     - Standard packages (also called short import path or built-in packages)
>     - Third-party packages (also called long import path packages)
>     - Local packages
> 2. Groups are in that order (i.e., standard packages, third-party packages, and local packages)
> 3. Groups are separated by a single blank line
> 4. Packages within each group are alphabetized

Reviewer: Use Markdown repeated `1.` syntax to remove number churn and combine 1 and 2:

```suggestion
1. Import declarations are grouped into a maximum of three groups with the following order:
    - Standard packages (also called short import path or built-in packages)
    - Third-party packages (also called long import path packages)
    - Local packages
1. Groups are separated by a single blank line
1. Packages within each group are alphabetized
```

Check your imports:

```console
% make importlint

> ```

Reviewer: Not for this pull request, but we should also have a target to apply automatic fixes for imports.

Author: I don't know of anything existing that fixes all the issues. `goimports` fixes some and `impi` identifies many but I ended up manually/regex fixing many issues.
